---
title: Hello World
date: 2025-01-27
type: blog
description: What this website for and how this website made
summary: What this website for and how this website made
tags:
  - hugo
  - cloudflare
---

### New Year Goals
As 2025 begins, I’ve set some exciting goals for myself this year:
- Launch a Personal Webpage
  - Create and publish a personal website to showcase my work.
  - Share notes, blog posts, and insights on various topics.
  - Highlight some of the side projects I’ve worked on.
- Host a Server on My Local Network
  - Learn the ins and outs of self-hosting services.
  - Explore server management techniques and tools.
- Get Involved in Open Source Projects
  - Join open source communities to discuss ideas and learn from others.
  - Contribute to projects and make a positive impact on the world.

### The Webpage
Apparently, this website is the result of my first goal this year.  
**Hello World!**, though there are not much contents yet.
##### To made the webpage available on the Internet, here's what I've done.
- Do research and Choose [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/) to build my website
- Use [Hextra](https://imfing.github.io/hextra/) as theme and set up my own configuration.
- Create a [Github repository](https://github.com/ChisatoLycoris/CMing)
- Write posts in Markdown
- Deploy with [Cloudflare Pages](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/framework-guides/deploy-a-hugo-site/)
##### There are a bunch of things to do, like:
- Adding more contents
- Optimize the workflow
- Set up a custom domain(currently using domain that generated by cloudflare pages)
- Beautify the website(probably won't put much effort on this)

Anyway, I've been satisfied by the website even I just started.  
Looking forward to make this website containing more contents.
